We've now put together our very first test right here, which is fantastic.
We're going to start to write out a couple of more tests around that sign up route handler.
Now, the nice thing about using super test is it's really easy to write out a test.
So we're going to put together a fair number.
I just want to give you a good example of all the different ways in which we could test a very basic
route.
HANDLER So let's get to it.
The next test I want to put together is to just make sure that if we put in some kind of request or
try to sign up with, say, an invalid email or password, the request should fail.
And we certainly could write out a test to say, Hey, let's make sure that we fail the request and
send back some very appropriate error message.
But we're going to take an even more basic approach than that.
We're going to say that if we send in some invalid email or password, let's just expect that we get
a response that has a status code of 400, which would indicate that we failed to sign in.
We absolutely can try to write out an assertion to make sure we get the appropriate error message.
But again, we'll just keep it really quick, really simple, and make sure we get back a status code
at 400.
So back inside my test file, I'll add in, in its statement and say.
It returns a 400 with an invalid email.
Rather than writing out the entire request.
Again, let's just do a quick copy paste.
So I'm going to copy that block right there, but into the second one.
And now all we have to do is update the email to be something invalid and change the status code.
So I will put in an invalid email.
And I will expect to get back a status code of 400.
So I'm going to save that.
Go back over to my terminal.
And there we go.
So you'll notice that I'm getting a council log right here.
That's just because we still have a leftover console log inside of our error handled middleware.
Remember our error handler middleware?
Anytime it sees an error is going to do a log of the error that's coming across.
We probably don't really want to see this in that test environment.
So let's just go delete that console, log from that area handler.
I'm going to go and find my middleware directory.
I'll find the air handler inside there and I'll just delete that console log.
Pretty sure we just had that in there for testing purposes or manual testing purposes, I suppose.
A little bit ago.
Now, if I flip back over.
Awesome.
We have two tests passing.
Now, one thing I want to mention, I meant to mention a bit earlier when we first started up our test
suite, the very first time you start up the test suite, it's going to take about eight or all the
way up to 20 seconds to start up.
And that's because that in-memory copy of MongoDB just takes a little bit to load.
But after it has been loaded, we no longer have to restart MongoDB for each individual test run.
So after that long initial start up, all of our tests are going to run very, very quickly.
I can hit enter while at the terminal to rerun my test.
And as you can see, these two tests run very, very fast.
All right.
Let's add in a couple more.
Very quickly, I'm going to just do another copy paste of this entire block right here.
So there's the paste and I'll say it returns a 400 with an invalid password.
So an invalid password, as you'll recall, is any that has a length less than four or greater than
20.
So let's just try putting a password with one character.
I'll put in a password appear right there.
If we have an invalid password, we should get a 400.
So we'll save this.
Go back over.
Awesome.
Got another passing test.
Let's try just doing one more.
We'll do.
We'll try saying that if we send in a request that does not have an email or a password, we should
get a 400 as well.
So I'll do another copy paste to that it block.
And I'll change the description to it.
Returns a 400.
With missing email and password.
And then I'll just send in an empty object.
Like so.
Now, of course, we could write out two separate tests, one to just have the email missing, one had
the password missing.
Absolutely.
Feel free to do so if you want to.
Matter of fact, I'll just show you how to do that.
If we want to write out two separate requests inside of one handler, that's when we'll start to use
that async await syntax.
So we will copy that block right there, paste it right above the return.
And then on the first request we have to add in and await.
So we will await this request to be completed and then we will return the next one behind the scenes
just is going to automatically await this request for us.
So we technically don't even need the return there.
We could instead use a wait and see.
Same thing is true of everything up here.
We just need to make sure we either return, request or await it.
Either one is fine.
So now maybe in the first one we could put in a valid email.
And in the second one, we could put in a valid password.
Call and say this.
I'll flip back over.
Awesome.
All right.
So you can see it is pretty darn easy to write test with super test.
But, well, right now you're really just making expectations around the response.
There's definitely some more complex behaviors going on inside of here.
So let's take a quick pause and we'll start to test some of the actual infrastructure of this thing
in just a moment.